# TransportZone

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**SystemOwned** | **bool** | Indicates system owned resource | [optional] [default to null]
**DisplayName** | **string** | Defaults to ID if not set | [optional] [default to null]
**Description** | **string** | Description of this resource | [optional] [default to null]
**Tags** | [**[]Tag**](Tag.md) | Opaque identifiers meaningful to the API user | [optional] [default to null]
**CreateUser** | **string** | ID of the user who created this resource | [optional] [default to null]
**Protection** | **string** | Protection status is one of the following: PROTECTED - the client who retrieved the entity is not allowed             to modify it. NOT_PROTECTED - the client who retrieved the entity is allowed                 to modify it REQUIRE_OVERRIDE - the client who retrieved the entity is a super                    user and can modify it, but only when providing                    the request header X-Allow-Overwrite&#x3D;true. UNKNOWN - the _protection field could not be determined for this           entity.  | [optional] [default to null]
**CreateTime** | **int64** | Timestamp of resource creation | [optional] [default to null]
**LastModifiedTime** | **int64** | Timestamp of last modification | [optional] [default to null]
**LastModifiedUser** | **string** | ID of the user who last modified this resource | [optional] [default to null]
**Id** | **string** | Unique identifier of this resource | [optional] [default to null]
**ResourceType** | **string** | The type of this resource. | [optional] [default to null]
**IsDefault** | **bool** | Only one transport zone can be the default one for a given transport zone type. APIs that need transport zone can choose to use the default transport zone if a transport zone is not given. | [optional] [default to false]
**TransportType** | **string** | The transport type of this transport zone. | [default to null]
**HostSwitchId** | **string** | The host switch id generated by the system. | [optional] [default to null]
**HostSwitchName** | **string** | If this name is unset or empty then the default host switch name will be used. | [optional] [default to nsxDefaultHostSwitch]
**HostSwitchMode** | **string** | STANDARD mode applies to all the hypervisors. ENS mode stands for Enhanced Networking Stack. This feature is only available for ESX hypervisor. It is not available on KVM, EDGE and Public Cloud Gateway etc. When a Transport Zone mode is set to ENS, only Transport Nodes of type ESX can participate in such a Transport Zone. | [optional] [default to HOST_SWITCH_MODE.STANDARD]
**NestedNsx** | **bool** | The flag only need to be set in nested NSX environment. | [optional] [default to false]
**UplinkTeamingPolicyNames** | **[]string** | The names of switching uplink teaming policies that all transport nodes in this transport zone must support. An exception will be thrown if a transport node within the transport zone does not support a named teaming policy. The user will need to first ensure all trasnport nodes support the desired named teaming policy before assigning it to the transport zone. If the field is not specified, the host switch&#x27;s default teaming policy will be used. | [optional] [default to null]
**TransportZoneProfileIds** | [**[]TransportZoneProfileTypeIdEntry**](TransportZoneProfileTypeIdEntry.md) | Identifiers of the transport zone profiles associated with this TransportZone. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

